Add newly supported Linux/MacOS SOS commands (#33701)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dump.md

| Command                                             | Function                                                                                      |
|-----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `soshelp` or `help`                                 | Displays all available commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `soshelp` or `help`                                 | Displays all available commands.
```

> | `soshelp` or `help`                                 | Displays all available commands.

Reviewer: Shouldn't they all be alphabetical?

| `soshelp <command>` or `help <command>`             | Displays the specified command.
| `exit` or `quit`                                    | Exits interactive mode.

> | `analyzeoom`                                        | Displays the info of the last OOM occurred on an allocation request to the GC heap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `analyzeoom`                                        | Displays the info of the last OOM that occurred on an allocation request to the GC heap.
```

| `clrmodules`                                        | Lists the managed modules in the process.
| `clrstack`                                          | Provides a stack trace of managed code only.
| `clrthreads`                                        | Lists the managed threads that are running.
| `clru`                                              | Displays an annotated disassembly of a managed method.
| `d` or `readmemory`                                 | Dumps memory contents.

> | `dbgout`                                            | Enables/disables (-off) internal SOS logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dbgout`                                            | Enables/disables (`-off`) internal SOS logging.
```

| `dso`                                               | Displays all managed objects found within the bounds of the current stack.
| `dumpalc`                                           | Displays details about a collectible AssemblyLoadContext to which the specified object is loaded.
| `dumparray`                                         | Displays details about a managed array.
| `dumpasync`                                         | Displays info about async state machines on the garbage-collected heap.
| `dumpassembly`                                      | Displays details about an assembly.
| `dumpclass`                                         | Displays information about the `EEClass` structure at the specified address.
| `dumpconcurrentdictionary`                          | Displays concurrent dictionary content.
| `dumpconcurrentqueue`                               | Displays concurrent queue content.
| `dumpdelegate`                                      | Displays information about a delegate.

> | `dumpdomain`                                        | Displays information all the AppDomains and all assemblies within the specified domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dumpdomain`                                        | Displays information about the assemblies within the specified AppDomain.
```

| `dumpgcdata`                                        | Displays information about the GC data.
| `dumpgen`                                           | Displays heap content for the specified generation.
| `dumpheap`                                          | Displays info about the garbage-collected heap and collection statistics about objects.

> | `dumpil`                                            | Displays the Microsoft intermediate language (MSIL) that is associated with a managed method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dumpil`                                            | Displays the Microsoft intermediate language (MSIL) that's associated with a managed method.
```

| `dumplog`                                           | Writes the contents of an in-memory stress log to the specified file.
| `dumpmd`                                            | Displays information about the `MethodDesc` structure at the specified address.
| `dumpmodule`                                        | Displays information about the module at the specified address.
| `dumpmt`                                            | Displays information about the method table at the specified address.
| `dumpobj`                                           | Displays info the object at the specified address.

> | `dumpruntimetypes`                                  | Finds all System.RuntimeType objects in the gc heap and prints the type name and MethodTable they refer too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dumpruntimetypes`                                  | Finds all System.RuntimeType objects in the GC heap and prints the type name and MethodTable they refer too.
```

> | `dumpsig`                                           | This command dumps the signature of a method or field given by \<sigaddr\> \<moduleaddr\>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dumpsig`                                           | Dumps the signature of a method or field specified by `<sigaddr> <moduleaddr>`.
```

> | `dumpsigelem`                                       | This command dumps a single element of a signature object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dumpsigelem`                                       | Dumps a single element of a signature object.
```

| `dumpstack`                                         | Displays a native and managed stack trace.
| `dumpstackobjects`                                  | Displays all managed objects found within the bounds of the current stack.
| `dumpvc`                                            | Displays info about the fields of a value class.
| `eeheap`                                            | Displays info about process memory consumed by internal runtime data structures.
| `eestack`                                           | Runs `dumpstack` on all threads in the process.
| `eeversion`                                         | Displays information about the runtime and SOS versions.

> | `ehinfo`                                            | Displays the exception handling blocks in a jitted method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ehinfo`                                            | Displays the exception handling blocks in a JIT-ted method.
```

| `finalizequeue`                                     | Displays all objects registered for finalization.
| `findappdomain`                                     | Attempts to resolve the AppDomain of a GC object.
| `gchandles`                                         | Displays statistics about garbage collector handles in the process.
| `gcheapstat`                                        | Displays statistics about garbage collector.

> | `gcinfo`                                            | Displays info JIT GC encoding for a method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gcinfo`                                            | Displays the JIT GC encoding for a method.
```

| `gcroot`                                            | Displays info about references (or roots) to the object at the specified address.

> | `gcwhere`                                           | Displays the location in the GC heap of the argument passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gcwhere`                                           | Displays the location in the GC heap of the specified address.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if address is correct though.

| `histclear`                                         | Releases any resources used by the family of Hist commands.
| `histinit`                                          | Initializes the SOS structures from the stress log saved in the debuggee.
| `histobj`                                           | Examines all stress log relocation records and displays the chain of garbage collection relocations that may have led to the address passed in as an argument.
| `histobjfind`                                       | Displays all the log entries that reference the object at the specified address.
| `histroot`                                          | Displays information related to both promotions and relocations of the specified root.
| `histstats`                                         | Displays stress log stats.
| `ip2md`                                             | Displays the `MethodDesc` structure at the specified address in code that has been JIT-compiled.

> | `listnearobj`                                       | Displays the object preceeding and succeeding the address passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `listnearobj`                                       | Displays the object preceding and succeeding the specified address.
```

| `logopen`                                           | Enables console file logging.
| `logclose`                                          | Disables console file logging.
| `logging`                                           | Enables/disables internal SOS logging.
| `lm` or `modules`                                   | Displays the native modules in the process.
| `name2ee`                                           | Displays the `MethodTable` and `EEClass` structures for the specified type or method in the specified module.
| `objsize`                                           | Displays the size of the specified object.

> | `parallelstacks`                                    | Displays merged threads stack a la Visual Studio 'Parallel Stacks' panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `parallelstacks`                                    | Displays the merged threads stack similarly to the Visual Studio 'Parallel Stacks' panel.
```

> | `pathto`                                            | Displays the GC path from \<root\> to \<target\>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pathto`                                            | Displays the GC path from `<root>` to `<target>`.
```

| `pe` or `printexception`                            | Displays and formats fields of any object derived from the <xref:System.Exception> class at the specified address.
| `r` or `registers`                                  | Displays the thread's registers.

> | `runtimes`                                          | Lists the runtimes in the target or change the default runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `runtimes`                                          | Lists the runtimes in the target or changes the default runtime.
```

> | `setclrpath`                                        | Sets the path to load coreclr dac/dbi files. `setclrpath <path>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `setclrpath`                                        | Sets the path to load coreclr dac/dbi files using `setclrpath <path>`
```

| `setsymbolserver`                                   | Enables the symbol server support.

> | `sos`                                               | Various coreclr debugging commands. For more information, see 'soshelp'. `sos <command-name> <args>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sos`                                               | Executes various coreclr debugging commands. Use the syntax `sos <command-name> <args>`. For more information, see 'soshelp'.
```

Reviewer: Where is 'soshelp'?

| `syncblk`                                           | Displays the SyncBlock holder info.
| `taskstate`                                         | Displays a Task state in a human readable format.
| `threadpool`                                        | Displays info about the runtime thread pool.
| `threadpoolqueue`                                   | Displays queued thread pool work items.
| `threadstate`                                       | Pretty prints the meaning of a threads state.
| `threads <threadid>` or `setthread <threadid>`      | Sets or displays the current thread ID for the SOS commands.

> | `timerinfo`                                         | Displays running timers details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timerinfo`                                         | Displays information about running timers.
```
